Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/README.md, before:

# AutoRenameDrawing.md

### What this script does:

After importing a PDF in a new drawing, the script automatically changes the name of the drawing to the name of the PDF.
Neither does it matter how the new drawing is being created, nor how the PDF (as image) gets imported in the new drawing.<br/>

However, the name of the drawing will <b>not</b> change, if a PDF has already been imported.<br/>

### Demonstration:<br/>

![example](https://i.imgur.com/XnH6YRb.gif)<br/>

### Requirements and installation:<br/>

Basic requirements: [requirements.md](https://github.com/anicev1/Obsidian/blob/main/Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/requirements.md)<br/>

In order to make use of AutoRenameDrawing.md (which is a startup script), you need to place that file in your Scripts folder (or any folder of your choice, as long as it is inside your vault). My path: Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/<br/>

Copy your path to the startup script (in my case: Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/AutoRenameDrawing.md), go to the Excalidraw settings, scroll down to the 'Excalidraw Automate' section, expand it, and paste the path that you copied inside the empty box.<br/>

![script_settings](https://i.imgur.com/Ug5xhmF.png)<br/>

Now close Obsidian and restart it again. You should get a small notficiation on the top right corner of your screen.<br/>

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/eqzLxuO.png" width="400"><br/>

Commit message:

Add disclaimer regarding AI generation in README
Added a disclaimer about AI-generated content in AutoRenameDrawing.md.

Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/README.md, after:

# AutoRenameDrawing.md

### What this script does:

After importing a PDF in a new drawing, the script automatically changes the name of the drawing to the name of the PDF.
Neither does it matter how the new drawing is being created, nor how the PDF (as image) gets imported in the new drawing.<br/>

However, the name of the drawing will <b>not</b> change, if a PDF has already been imported.<br/>

<b>DISCLAIMER<b/>: AutoRenameDrawing.md was mostly generated with AI. Should some functions be deprecated or other problems occur, I would advise you to ask an LLM of your choice (e.g. Gemini, ChatGPT, etc.) to fix the code for your personal use.

### Demonstration:<br/>

![example](https://i.imgur.com/XnH6YRb.gif)<br/>

### Requirements and installation:<br/>

Basic requirements: [requirements.md](https://github.com/anicev1/Obsidian/blob/main/Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/requirements.md)<br/>

In order to make use of AutoRenameDrawing.md (which is a startup script), you need to place that file in your Scripts folder (or any folder of your choice, as long as it is inside your vault). My path: Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/<br/>

Copy your path to the startup script (in my case: Excalidraw/Scripts/Downloaded/AutoRenameDrawing.md), go to the Excalidraw settings, scroll down to the 'Excalidraw Automate' section, expand it, and paste the path that you copied inside the empty box.<br/>

![script_settings](https://i.imgur.com/Ug5xhmF.png)<br/>

Now close Obsidian and restart it again. You should get a small notficiation on the top right corner of your screen.<br/>

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/eqzLxuO.png" width="400"><br/>
